the answer to Christopher's question is
3.8 US courts before it's 3.8 do not
contradict the manual the manual says
3.8 they get my Linh fit there is
Christopher with his monkey shirt and
all the mobile can you show the audience
the mobil oil ok what brand is that
mobile one were you paid by mobile one
no this cost 160 dollars my hand
ok now he's now about to demonstrate
changing oil a man way ok no funnel
needed it's retarded I'm running
out of batteries anyway they see how i
spilt that are not supposed to do that
that was messy only did that because you
were here with a camera I never
do that that's ghetto
hope you didn't want this shirt hey
we're using my turtle I know I was
getting rid of that already cuz the neck
was all screwed up I don't know which
Simon and Garfunkel you think you are
turtlenecks but shut up Steve Jobs wears
turtlenecks thank you it's a sunday
afternoon and we're changing oil we're
spilling oil and getting some into the
car actually you're ruining the car
whatever won't you take a little tour
around the car with all the I don't know
what happened Bob scratches scrapes
there are no scrapes and scratches okay
st. say thank you for watching top gear
hosted white Christopher che okay look
into the camera which is my auto thing I
don't know monkey business car monkey
business yeah monkey wrench okay say bye
to the audience by audience smile